Compared to the amount of talk floating around in blogs, magazines, videos... there is a crapload of misleading advice about diet. I'll quickly explain why this blog is different, or you can [Jump straight to the good stuff now].

Most people go through a haze of clicking on whatever catchy article they see first and blindly adding whatever 'fixes' that article preaches to create this odd frankenstein-mixtape of half-fake diet advice. (I say half fake because there is probably some ounce of truth in them).

I will attempt to give you guys all the lesson's I've learned while trying to optimize my diet. The purpose of a diet is to direct you to a specific goal (e.g. lose 10 lbs of fat, gain 5 lbs of muscle, or score 10% higher on X standardized test). One thing I've noticed is that a diet that benefits one thing well (physical performance) will also benefit in other categories (cognition). 

The goal of this blog is to help you sift out bad diet articles from the good ones, and to teach you all the hard-earned lessons I've gained while self experimenting. 

I've narrowed down 3 of the easiest to implement diet changes that also had the most dramatic improvements on my physical and mental state. 

1. Track your macros. 
Bulking: Protein/Carb/Fat -> 30/45/25
Cutting: Protein/Carb/Fat -> 50/15/35
Maintenance: Somewhere in between (depends on stressload as well, higher stress = more fat and less protein, while keeping total calories consistent).

2. Eat at least 6 organic (fertile & pasture raised if possible) brown eggs a day, preferably at breakfast. Eggs are not only the cheapest unprocessed protein source, but also with the most benefits. Cholesterol is the basic building block for testosterone and other essential hormones your endocrine system creates. As stated by natural bodybuilder Vince Gironda, 'a large amount of fertile eggs is equal to Dianabol in effectiveness'.

3. Replace all cooking/salad oils you currently have with the organic oils listed below. Common dressings and oils have huge amounts of processed oils, and terrible omega 3:6 ratio (they are heavy on Omega 6). Not to mention a number of them contain phytoestrogens. The following oils promote anabolic activity, thermogensis(aka turn up your body to burn more fat), and a cardiovascular benefits
	1. Coconut Oil
	2. Grassfed butter
	3. Unrefined extra virgin olive oil (no cooking)
	4. Hemp oil (no cooking)
	5. MCT oil (derived from Coconut oil)
	6. Walnut oil

I will say I really miss caesar and ranch dressing but most brands of them are unhealthy. And it's hard to replicate those dressings. Use them sparingly (e.g. on cheat days). 

Any vinegar based sauce with less than 5 calories is totally fine too. Italian dressing is Vinegar + (Olive)Oil. Feel free to mix and match organic herbs to the sauce to create the healthy alternative. E.g. oil + vinegar + hot pepper + garlic = healthy asian hot sauce (as opposed to the asian sauces you see the ethnic section in grocery stores). 

4. Favor vegetables and fruit over grains (no corn). Grains cause inflammation of varyind degree, and contain high amounts of phytic acid, an anti nutrient (this blocks your digestive system from absorbing key minerals) From now on, when you go to the grocery store you will google 'is XYZ a grain?', if YES. DO NOT BUY IT. If you are bulking, you may not be getting adequete carb intake with only fruits and vegetables. Here: I've assembled a list of high carb sources that aren't grains. 
	-Potatos
	-Sweet Potato
	-Beans (Pinto, black, black eyed peas, garbanzo)
		-NOTE: these also contains relatively high amounts of phytic acid, but you can dramatically reduce the process by soaking the beans.
	-Tomatoes
	-Onions (chives, green onions)
	-Avocado
	-Cacao

Otherwise, you can't go wrong doing fruit + veg only.

5. Replace all coated pans with their stainless steel, porceilan, or cast iron equivalent. Replace all plastic tupperware with microwave/oven safe glass variants. Replace all plastic water bottles with stainless steel versions. 

6. All fruits and vegetables must be fresh and organic. All animal product sources must be (listed with most important first) no anti-biotics, pasture raised, non-gmo feed (for beef just look for 'grassfed'), organic. 

Sources:
1. eggs = steroids: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vince_Gironda